### Day 6
---
This time we are thrown back in time in 1518 in order to search for clues for the chief historian, but we still have to be careful for time paradoxes.
#### Problem
To avoid creating time paradoxes we need to avoid anyone from 1518, while we search for the chief, unfortunately there is a single guard patrolling. The map generated (puzzle input) shows exactly where the guard is:

```
....#.....  --> (#) are obstructions: desks, crates, ... 
.........#
..........
..#.......
.......#..
..........
.#..^.....  --> (^) is the guard facing **up** 
........#.      from the map's perspective
#.........
......#...
```

The patrols are really strict and requires the guard to repeatedly follow these steps:
- if there are any obstructions in front of him, rotate 90deg right
- if not then step forward

In this case:

```
....#.....
....^....#
..........
..#.......
.......#..
..........
.#........
........#.
#.........
......#...
```

then:

```
....#.....
........>#
..........
..#.......
.......#..
..........
.#........
........#.
#.........
......#...
```

then:

```
....#.....
.........#
..........
..#.......
.......#..
..........
.#......v.
........#.
#.........
......#...
```

And so on, until the guard leaves (reaches the end of the map): 

```
....#.....
.........#
..........
..#.......
.......#..
..........
.#........
........#.
#.........
......#v..
```
#### Objective
We have to predict and map out the guards movements with `X`s marking every path the guard took (including the starting position):

```
....#.....
....XXXXX#
....X...X.
..#.X...X.
..XXXXX#X.
..X.X.X.X.
.#XXXXXXX.
.XXXXXXX#.
#XXXXXXX..
......#X..
```

In this example, the guard will visit `_41_` **distinct** positions on your map.
#### Solution
Divide the map in a 2d matrix, then with a custom object reference the attributes that the guard should have and move the guard accordingly with a function checking the direction.
### Part 2
---
Next we decide to record the guards patrol route of the last few months, the other historians decide that adding a **single** obstacle will not cause a paradox. 
#### Objective
They'd like to position an obstacle in a place where it would cause the guard to be stuck in a loop.

To have the lowest chance to cause a paradox, they would like to know every possible position for such obstruction.

The obstruction:
- cannot be placed at the same starting position of the guard

Ex.
```
....#.....
....+---+#  --> '-' is to show the guard moving left and right
....|...|.   -> '+' is to show the guard moving in all directions
..#.|...|.
....|..#|.
....|...|.  --> '|' is to show the guard moving up and down 
.#.O^---+.  --> 'O' is the obstruction put by us
........#.
#.........
......#...
```

Of course there are other ways to loop the guard, but it does not really matter which one you choose.
#### Problem
I need to know how many different positions I could choose for this obstruction.
#### Solution
Count positions passed (`bruteforce`), if they are more than 25'000 then it is looping (there is a more appropriate way of doing it with mathematical algorithms but I can't be fucking bothered to do that).