Advent Code: ownerproof-4797067-1734090422-2359f24414bd
### Lore (Introduction)
---
The Chief Historian is always present for the big Christmas sleigh launch, but nobody has seen him in months! Last anyone heard, he was visiting locations that are historically significant to the North Pole; a group of Senior Historians has asked you to accompany them as they check the places they think he was most likely to visit.

As each location is checked, they will mark it on their list with a star. They figure the Chief Historian must be in one of the first fifty places they'll look, so in order to save Christmas, you need to help them get fifty stars on their list before Santa takes off on December 25th.

Collect stars by solving puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants one star. Good luck!
### First Puzzle
--- 
Inside the historian's office:
- assortment of notes and lists with important locations
	- they are not listed with the actual names but **locations ID**
- they split in 2 groups, each making their own list of IDs

#### Problems:
- holding the lists side to side, they do not match (they have 2 arrays with each a set of numbers - not sorted - with the each of the elements contained in them in different indexes)

| list1 | list2 |
| ----- | ----- |
| 3     | 4     |
| 4     | 3     |
| 2     | 5     |
| 1     | 3     |
| 3     | 9     |
| 3     | 3     |

#### To fix:
- check smallest id index from list1 and compare to the smallest of list2
- check second smallest and check from both, and so on
- check how far the numbers from each pair are from each other (3, 9- 6)

#### Objective: 
find total distance between the lists - sum all the distances

#### Solution: 
Sort the lists from smallest to biggest.

Compare the values from each list, calculate the "distance" between the 2 values and sum the distance in a side variable that starts from 0, when the value is compared pop the value out. Loop the operation until the lists of ordinated unique values is empty.
### Part 2
---
The lists are different and we need to calculate the similarity:
#### Solution:
- take every number of the first list and count how many instances of it are in the second list
- then multiply the number by the number of the instances found in the second list
- finally add the result to the similarity score