### Riunione
---
Prendere dati di `OweB` dal suo DB e il portale delle presenze con il proprio DB, e uniformarle in un unico DB da cui prendere dati e creare le dash board e altre applicazioni.

GCP - Google Cloud Platform, abbiamo un provider di servizi cloud di google per poter istanziare delle risorse, dove poter fare quello che si vuole fare. E in `OweB` grazie ad un oggetto creato da Giovanni, chiede le informazioni di quanto sta costando questo servizio e li mettiamo in `OweB`. Ma i consultivi (dati con soldi di quanto si sta spendendo ?) non devono essere modificati se uguali.

`Oweb` adesso e' sulla `.NET 4.7.2`.
### Avvento 2
---
You have to check some unusual data (puzzle input) from the Rudolph - Red nosed Reindeer nuclear fusion / fission plant. The data consists of many reports (one report for line), each one of them is a list containing numbers called levels separated by spaces.

7 6 4 2 1
1 2 7 8 9 0
9 7 6 2 1 
1 3 2 4 5 8 7
8 6 4 4 1
1 3 6 7 9

ex. 6 reports each containing 5 levels.

#### Conditions:
You are trying to find out which ones are safe, the system of the reactor can only handle, gradually increasing or decreasing levels, so:
- they have to be all increasing or all decreasing per report
- the increase/decrease has to be at least by 1 and at most by 3
#### Objective:
We need to find out how many reports are actually valid (safe).
### Part 2
---
There is a Problem Dampener in the reactor, which allows the reactor to remove 1 single level from the report in order to try to fix the report.
#### Objective:
Try to save as many reports as you can with it and calculate how many are actually safe then.
Ex.

- `7 6 4 2 1`: _Safe_ without removing any level.
- `1 2 7 8 9`: _Unsafe_ regardless of which level is removed.
- `9 7 6 2 1`: _Unsafe_ regardless of which level is removed.
- `1 _3_ 2 4 5`: _Safe_ by removing the second level, `3`.
- `8 6 _4_ 4 1`: _Safe_ by removing the third level, `4`.
- `1 3 6 7 9`: _Safe_ without removing any level.