### Avvento 3
Situation: Warehouse, still cannot find the Chief Historian and there are some issues with the computers.
#### Problem
Computers are having some issues, they are trying to run a program but the memory(puzzle input) is corrupted, all the assembly instructions are fucked up.

The goal of the program is to multiply numbers through instructions like: `mul(x,y)`, where x and y are each a 1 to 3 digit number.
ex.

```sh
mul(44,46)
// multiplies them and give 2024
```

Though the memory has been corrupted, there are also invalid characters that have to be ignored, even if they look like part of the instruction:

```sh
mul(4*, mul(6,9!, ?(12,34)
// or
mul ( 2 , 4 )
```

they have to be ignored.
Example of corrupted but valid memory:

```sh
xmul(2,4)%&mul[3,7]!@^do_not_mul(5,5)+mul(32,64]then(mul(11,8)mul(8,5))
```

In this instruction there are 4 valid operations which are:

```sh
mul(2,4) mul(5,5) mul(11,8) mul(8,5)
// which returns
// 161 -> (2*4 + 5*5 + 11*8 + 8*5)
```
#### Objective
Scan the whole memory and get the result of all the multiplications added up to a single variable.
#### Solution
Regex: `@"(mul\((\d{1,3}),(\d{1,3})\))"`.
### Part 2
---
Now there are also `do()` and `don't()` to take care of.
#### Problem
The `mul()` operator is practically disabled when before them there is a `don't()`. They function like a light switch, whenever there is a `don't()` the operations are disabled, the operations become activated only when we encounter a `do()`, but everything before the `do()` is not counted.
#### Objective
Count the sum of only the operations that are active.
#### Solution
Other regex to find them: `(mul\((\d{1,3}),(\d{1,3})\))|(do\(\))|(don't\(\))` then just sift through the array of matches removing the disactivated ones.