### Avvento 5
---
Now the team is on the way to scan the stationery stacks of sub-basement 17.
#### Problem
The sleigh launch safety manual updates are not printing correctly. Safety control states that the new pages must be printed in a specific order. 

The notation `X|Y` means that both pages indicated are to be produced as part of an update: X must be printed before Y.

We are given both the ordering rules and the pages to print, but we cannot figure out if they are printed in the right order.
Ex.

```
47|53
97|13
97|61
97|47
75|29
61|13
75|53
29|13
97|29
53|29
61|53
97|53
61|29
47|13
75|47
97|75
47|61
75|61
47|29
75|13
53|13

75,47,61,53,29
97,61,53,29,13
75,29,13
75,97,47,61,53
61,13,29
97,13,75,29,47
```

The first section are the ordering rules, the second are the page numbers for each update (one update per line - `75,47,61,53,29` is the first update).

For some arcane and unknown reason elves need to know the page number of the middle page of the update that they sum the value of collectively.

```
75,47,61,53,29
97,61,53,29,13
75,29,13
```

#### Objective
The first thing to do is to identify which updates are already in the right order. The ordering rules that contain page numbers that are not in the update are ignored.

We need to find the collective sum of the middle page numbers, only from the correctly ordered updates.
#### Solution
Divide the puzzle input in 2 arrays of numbers, a 2d matrix for the ordering rules and a normal array or list for the page numbers. Then use the indexes of those arrays to guide yourself through the problem.
### Part 2
---
Fix the incorrect ones and do the same thing (add up the sum of every middle page number)