| Subject            | level |
| ------------------ | ----- |
| Listening          | C1    |
| Reading            | C1    |
| Spoken interaction | B2    |
| Spoken production  | B2    |
| Writing            | C1    |
### What skills do you need to improve? 
---
I need to improve on my pronunciation of certain words and I also stutter quite a bit when I’m talking to someone. I also need to extend my vocabulary with the juridical and the older way of speaking and dictionary, since I don’t understand much when people are talking about that stuff. Also one of the things I struggle with the most is other people’s slang depending on where they live. Since I mostly watch American content on the internet, I understand the American slang way more than the ones in the UK for example.
### What is the best method for you to learn English? 
---
The best way for me to learn English is to consume vast amounts of content of various types in English, like : anime, cartoons, games, tv shows, films, books etc… Then whenever I don’t understand something I just search on the internet the meaning.
### Think about yourself in 10 years and write 4 paragraphs about : 
---
- Where I work
- What kind of company I work for
- What is my position
- What are my tasks

In 10 years I think I’ll find myself working as a programmer in the research and development department, working towards a goal that I’ll have set (that I still don’t know myself now but I think it’ll be clearer in the future). The company I’ll be working for is a normal company that works towards innovation and new technologies. My plan for the future isn’t really clear as of now, all I know is that I want to create something new and innovative like new functions for augmented reality etc… and at the end of everything I just wish to sit back and relax enjoying these new creations while sipping on a whiskey on the rocks and maybe travel around the world.
### Survey 
---
1. What is your motivation (internal and/or external) to learn English?  
2. Think about your experience as an English learner. What is an activity that was useful for you?  
3. What are some activities that you suggest to do this year? Describe them in detail  
4. What is something that you don’t want to find in an English course?  
5. What is something that you are worried about?  
6. One thing you would like to improve (and how)  
7. Write a few tips/suggestions for a friend that wants to learn English?
### Answers
---
1. My leading motivation as to why I wanted to learn English was just because every game, manga and anime I watched, always came out in English way earlier than in Italian (and it wasn’t even sure that they would do a translation in Italian). Then the second reason why I learned English was because whenever something broke or I needed help with something, I would search the solution on the internet and the answers were and still are, almost always in English. And the final reason is the fact that practically every content creator I enjoy is American, British or speaks English.
2. The activities that helped the most in my learning journey (including high school and middle school) was doing something I enjoyed like watching movies in English, and when I still had difficulty understanding it, putting the video / film in Italian with English subtitles or in English with Italian subtitles really helped me.
3. I don’t really know since the methods I used to learn English are described above and from the looks of it they are already being used in this course.
4. I really don’t want to revisit English grammar since, in my opinion, it is the most boring thing to do when learning English. I know that it is essential to do since you cannot learn anything without a foundation but I think that this subject should be learned earlier in middle school or in highschool.
5. I’m worried about the listening part since in high school and International school (the English learning company) they made us listen to some of the most unintelligible conversations, one of them that really put me on the spot was the Scottish accent.
6. As of now I wouldn’t change anything about this course since I really enjoyed myself today
7. Just change the language to English on everything you have :
1. your phone 
2. the tv (if possible change the language of the show to English)
3. your pc 
4. your games
5. your books
### Silent movie
---
1. Do you agree that how we spend our days is how we spend our lives?  
2. What are the pros and cons of a routine?  
3. Describe an ideal day for you