### Recruiter
---
A recruiter on average will not take more than 7 seconds to look at your CV. 

 80% - Priority content:
- Candidate name
- Current position / company
- Start and end dates of the current position
- Previous position / company
- Start and end dates of the previous position
- Education
20% - research specific skills or specific keywords: 
- Industry specific qualifications / professions / skills
- Technological terms and descriptions of technical skills
- Web program names
- Certifications
- Product and service names
- Industries
- Educational qualifications and university names
### How to build a CV
---
Analyze your target job offer you want to apply for even before you start writing / updating your CV.

**Find certain keywords that are generally present in the description of the job offer. Prepare a list of them and insert them in your CV to produce a perfect, or almost, match with the ATS.**

The tools to use if you've done a good job are: 
[jobscan.co](https://jobscan.co) or [CVScan](https://cvscan.uk)
### Differences between IT and EN CVs
---
**Italian CVs**: Tend to be more detailed and can be longer than Anglo-Saxon CVs. It is common to include personal details such as date of birth, marital status, and a photo.
**Anglo-Saxon CVs**: Typically follow a more concise format. Personal information like age, marital status, and photos are often omitted due to anti-discrimination laws.

**Italian CVs**: Tend to be more formal and may include a slightly more subjective tone.
**Anglo-Saxon CVs**: Emphasize a professional and objective tone. The use of the first person is less common.

**Italian CVs**: May include more details about each educational experience, such as specific coursework and grades.
**Anglo-Saxon CVs**: Typically focus on the degree obtained, institution, and graduation date without delving into specific grades or coursework.
