---

---
### Tasks
---
**SOME IT WORKS. SOME CHANGES WHAT'S POSSIBLE.**
**SHARE YOUR PASSION.**
More than 90% of automotive innovations are based on electronics and software. That's why creative freedom and lateral thinking are so important in the pursuit of truly new solutions. Naturally, this includes flexible working models, so that our IT specialists are free to go in unconventional directions.

We offer an exciting environment at the heart of software development for the next generation of the parking stack. Join our software integration team, where we are developing driver assistance functions for all parking use cases. You are part of the expert team for the platform of the next generation.
### What awaits you?
---
- You work in an innovative and highly complex environment to successfully bring the next generation of driving assistance functions to customers.
- You are responsible for integration of large and complex software applications including their architecture and dependencies.
- In case of any integration problems, you initiate and lead hands-on debug sessions to understand the problem and drive solutions.
- An agile structured way of working is a matter of course in the development team in order to be able to react to the daily changing challenges and solve them in a focused manner.
- With your expert knowledge, you provide operational support to the SW platform and application teams, especially in the event of errors that cannot be clearly assigned to a function or component.
- With your comprehensive knowledge, you support feature teams to get their software integrated in the vehicle.
- In your daily work, you will find yourself in an international and interdisciplinary environment and work closely with our high-tech industrial partners.
- Our Autonomous Driving Campus provides you with the necessary infrastructure to work productively and focus on software for the car of the future.
### What should you bring along?
---
Degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics or a related field of study.

Practical experience in the area of system/software design, continuous integration in a larger software project and corresponding tool landscape.

Programming skills in embedded software development in the languages C and C++ (C99/C++14), which you have ideally already demonstrated in large and complex software projects.

You are experienced in typical bring-up/debugging tasks for POSIX software components, e.g. working with gdb, reading kernel/ioctl traces and similar tools.

Profound knowledge of driver assistance systems and software platforms (Adaptive AUTOSAR).

Experience in vehicle integration is an advantage.

Good German language skills

You are open to new and innovative solutions and want to help us shape the mobility of tomorrow? Apply now!

Note: Please apply exclusively online via our career portal. Applications via other channels (esp. e-mail) cannot be considered. 