### My cover letter for BMW
---
Rob Steven Gerard Guevarra 
Via Giuseppe di Vittorio 52
San Donato Milanese 20097
Milano, Italy
rsgglav1@gmail.com
+39 320 846 4037 
Date: 06/05/2024

Hiring Manager BMW 
Luisenstraße 12
Monaco di Baviera 80333 
Germany

Dear Hiring Manager,

I am writing to express my interest in the Junior Software Architect position at BMW, as advertised on "Stepstone.de". With a Software Architect VET (Vocational Education and Training) in Computer Science and a passion for creating and finding innovative software solutions, I am eager to contribute to your team's success.

In the time I've spent in High school, I've worked on a project with ENI on the process of working, understanding, and creating simple a Machine learning model. This project laid the base for my understanding the inner workings of complex algorithms, code optimization, NLP (natural language processing), and Data processing. Additionally I also achieved a certification from Cisco Academy, the CCNA1 v7. 

And throughout my 2 year period at ITS Rizzoli, I've dealt with a variety of projects, such as simple vending machine application from console, a simple Auction application with a JavaFX interface, working on a TCP Server-Client base, and a 3D game similar to DOOM in 1993 with C++.   

During my internship at Allianz Milan, I had the opportunity to work closely with senior software architects on various projects predominantly on back end tasks. This experience provided me with valuable insights into software design principles and best practices and database management. I am particularly proud of my involvement in the optimization of the process of saving and fetching data from the database.

In addition to my technical skills, I possess strong problem-solving abilities and a collaborative mindset. I thrive in dynamic environments where I can brainstorm ideas with team members and iterate on solutions to deliver high-quality software products.

I am impressed by BMW's commitment to innovation and its reputation for delivering cutting-edge solutions to clients. I am excited about the opportunity to contribute my skills and learn from experienced professionals in your organization.

Thank you for considering my application. I look forward to the possibility of discussing how my background, skills, and enthusiasm align with the needs of BMW. Please find my resume attached for your review.
Sincerely, 

Rob Steven Gerard Guevarra