### Definition
---
It is a concept tied to the $OOP$ style, and it refers to how visible members of a class actually are. Meaning knowing which classes, methods, and functions can actually see, use, and call them.

It is something that has no effect on how your program runs and has no impact on performance of your program, it is something that exist so that you can write better code.
### Usage
---
There are 3 visibility/accessibility modifiers:
- private (which is default for classes)
- protected
- public (which is default for structs)

**Private**: it means that everything that is declared after that will be visible and usable only in the class in which they are declared.

>[! INFO]
>There is something called "friend", in C++, and it is used on classes or functions as a prefix. And it enables to label the class, or function, to be a "friend" of the class in which you stored the private members, allowing the "friend" class or function to access them.

**Protected**: means that the member variables and functions are accessible from the same class, and every sub-classes/derived classes of the hierarchy.

**Public**: means that you can access those member variables or functions from every part of the project.
### Why use it?
---
You use visibility, so that we can write cleaner and more understandable code. 
e.g. 

If you label something as private, it means that you shouldn't be able to access that from another class. Another case is dealing with the `UI` of something, if I were to access the position variables of that `UI`, then it would fly everywhere.