### Definition
---
An array is a collection of elements in a particular order. In C++ they are a collection of variables, usually, of the same type in a row. It is practically having a bunch of variables in a single variable. In C++ pointers are essential for arrays, since it'll be always how we create them, and they base themselves on pointers.

In fact an array variable does not actually contain the variables inside it, but it stores the address of the first element of the variables stored inside it, And through that address we can access the other variables.
### Usage
---
```cpp
int example[5]; // allocates 5 cells of memory for the array
example[0] = 69; // inputs the value 69 in the first cell of memory
```

In arrays there are indexes, which are how we determine which variable we want to access. In this case we access the first variable.

>[!WARNING]
>In C++ like in many other programming languages, indexes start from 0, whilst there are some cases, like in `lua`, where they start with 1. And they do not have the ability to have negative indexes to do a reverse indexing, like in `python`.

They are usually used with for-loops, since it is a indexed loop.
e.g.

```cpp
for (int i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
	example[i] = 69;
}
```

We are accessing every variable of the array and giving them the value 69.
### Usage with pointers
---
```cpp
int *p_example = example;
*(p_example + 2) = 4;
```

Using pointers like this will also work, since the pointer points to the start of the array, it will move the pointer forward twice and then get the variable inside it and assign the value of 4 to it. The number of bytes it goes forward from, is decided by the type of the pointer.

In this example the pointer moves addresses 4 bytes at a time, but that's because it is an `int` pointer, and `ints` are 4 bytes. If i cast the pointer to be a `char` instead, it will move the address it points at 1 byte at a time.
e.g.

```cpp
*(int *)((char *)p_example + 8)) = 4;
```

In this case the pointer will move forward 8 bytes and not 4 like with the integer, still we will have the same result since we are moving 8 bytes, so we arrive at the same position of the instruction before, then cast it to an integer pointer again, so we are currently occupying as much memory as an integer, de-referencing the pointer getting the variable inside and assigning the value 4 to it. But this is practically never used.
### Creating arrays on the heap
---
```cpp
int *another = new int[5];
```

The other arrays used before are arrays created on the stack, making it so that their "lifetime" tied to the end of their scope. When creating an array on the heap instead, they stay "alive" until the program ends. (you create variables on the heap by using `new` or `malloc` when assigning the value to them).

But this can create memory leaks (memory that cannot be obtained again, because it is in use by the program but not the user) if not managed well. So whenever you don't need them anymore, you free their allocated memory by using the `delete` keyword.
e.g.

```cpp
delete[] another; 
// in this case there are '[]' because it is an array
```

So for example, if you have a function returning an array, you need to allocate that array in the heap since it will be deleted from the stack, because when you return that array, it will be out of it scope.

But it is way easier and more efficient to have arrays created in the stack instead of the heap. The stack is way faster and more efficient, and you don't need to worry about memory leaks. (whenever working with pointers, you need to be careful not to make too many addresses jumps, they are a performance hit).
### C++11 standard arrays
---
A lot of people use standard arrays in C++11, which are inside the C++11 library. They offer a number of advantages, including bounds checking, and keeps track of the size of the array. **(yes there is no way of knowing the size of the array if we allocate it in the heap).**

The best way to know the size of the array is actually to keep track of it by saving it in a variable.

>[!WARNING]
>You cannot do something like `int size = 3; int arr[size];`, in C++ the arrays that are allocated in the stack need to be created with a compile known constant (dunno what that means), but there are ways around this (e.g. making the size variable static const).

Instead when using a standard array you can keep track of these things. They are safer, but less efficient.
e.g.

```cpp
#include <array>
//...
int main(){
	std::array<int, 5> ex;
	ex.size();
}
```