### Definition
---
A string is a group of characters, basically text (a-A, z-Z, 0-9, etc...).

Characters are represented in different forms, and they are all very complicated. In C++ there is a variable type, `char` which allocates 1 byte of memory. This `char` variable is really important because strings in C++, and in many other languages, are just an array of those `char` variables, contained in a single variable.
### Usage
---
In C++ there is another way of defining a string, which is the C-style way.

```cpp
const char *name = "string";
```

We use const because strings are immutable. Just because this is a pointer, that string is not heap allocated, you do not need to delete that "array" of characters.

In memory we can see that there are the bytes which contain values in ASCII, and that is exactly our string. To be able to know when and where the string ends we can see, after the ASCII characters, a sequence of 00 in a byte, that is the null termination character. 

The Null Termination Character is how we know that that string ended in the memory view, because there was never a size indicated when we created the string in our code.

We only defined the fact that it is a pointer, pointing at the start of the string, like an array, and when the pointer hits a 00 byte after the ASCII characters, then it knows that the string ended.

If we define a string manually, as if it was a normal array of chars, then we would encounter some problems. 

```cpp
char name2[5] = {'N', 'i', 'g', 'g', 'a'};
```

Since there is no termination character, we can see even all the other characters representing the rest of the memory. 

>[!INFO]
>This actually works in C++20 and above, i don't know why, it just worked for me in my mini project.
### std::string
---
There is a string class in the standard library which is a template specialization of the basic string class, with a char as a parameter.

This is the actual way to use strings since it comes with built in functions to manipulate them.
e.g.

```cpp
#include <string>
//...
int main(){
std::string name = "Nigga";
bool contains = name.find("gg") != std::string::npos;
// this is how to use contains function in c++.
}
```

>[!WARNING]
>You cannot do something like `std::string name = "Nigga" + "s"` you have to split them in two lines of code, since 'Nigga' is not a string variable yet. You are trying to concatenate 2 const char \*arrays which is not possible *(the operator to concatenate 2 const char\* arrays is overloaded by the std::string library)*. Or you could just do this: `std::string name = std::string("Nigga") + "s";`
>