### Definition
---
It is a series of characters in between 2 double quotes.
e.g.

```cpp
"Nigga";
```

This becomes a const char of 5, it is an array of 5 elements and not 4 because there is going to be 1 character added at the end, the Null Termination Character. *([[13.0 Strings]])*
### Usage
---
If we implicitly put the Null Termination Character ourselves this is how to do it.
e.g.

```cpp
const char name[6] = "Nig\0ga";
```

The problem with this is the fact that the compiler will see this `\0` as a Null Termination Character; in fact if we try to print out the length of the string it will appear as 3 and not 6 since the compiler saw a `NTC`.
e.g. 

```cpp
std::cout << strlen(name) << std::endl;
// output : 3
```

If you try to change the value of a character of a string literal, most compilers will not let you do it.

```cpp
char *name = "Nigga";
name[2] = 'e';
```

This is defined as an undefined behavior because, string literals, are stored in a part of the memory that is read only. It is basically saved in a const section of our binary generated file when we compile the program.

If for some reason you want to edit that string in that specific way, you could do that, but you would need to define the variable as an array and not a char pointer.

>[!WARNING]
>Never actually do that, there are other ways like with existing functions.

### Other types of strings
---
There is another way to define strings, and that is with wide-chars.
e.g.

```cpp
const wchar_t *name2 = L"WideNigga";
```

You have to put an `L` in front of the string, because it indicates that the string will be made of wide characters. There is also `char16` and `char32`.
e.g.

```cpp
const char16_t *name3 = u"16Niggas";
const char32_t *name4 = U"32Niggas";
// you can also do this with normal strings
const char *name = u8"Nigga";
```

`char16` is basically telling the compiler that every character is 2 bytes and `char32` is the same but with 4 bytes per character. They were made to adhere to `UTF-16` and `UTF-32`.

`wchar_t` is also 2 bytes per character.

>[!INFO]
>The fact that it is 2 bytes per character si totally up to the compiler. (it is normally 2 bytes for Windows and 4 for both Linux and Mac almost never 1)
### std::string_literals
---
There is also a namespace that was introduced in C++14 which is `std::string_literal`, which grants the ability to use `std::string` like in the previous chapter. ([[13.0 Strings]])
e.g.

```cpp
std::string newName = "Niggas"s + "in"s + "paris";
```

By adding the letter `s` at the end of the string literal, you are able to append strings as if we were casting them directly as `std::string`, it id actually a function that is implemented by the `namespace`, and we can use them with all the types listed above.

By putting the `R` keyword in front of the const char instead, you are effectively telling the compiler to ignore the escape characters like `\n`.
e.g.

```cpp
const char *multiline = R"(Line1
Line2
Line3)";
// the R stands for Raw

// it is the same as writing
const char *multiline2 = "(Line1\n" 
"Line2\n" 
"Line3)";
```

>[!IMPORTANT]
>String literals are always stored in read only memory