### Definition
---
It is a "fake" keyword, it's a keyword typically used for visibility and readability, usually used to enforce certain rules to programmers. It is a promise that says that the variable in question is not going to change, but like promises in real life, it can be broken and there are ways to go around constants.
### Usage
---
```cpp
const int a = 5;
a =2; // this will not be possible, since it is a constant
```

It is mostly used for pointers.
e.g.

```cpp
const int MAX_AGE = 32;
const int *p_a = new int;
a = ( int * ) &MAX_AGE;
```

Putting const in front of the declaration of a variables makes it so that you cannot change the value inside of the address the pointer points at.

But you can change the address that pointer points at. But if I put the const keyword in after the type of the pointer instead, switches things up, and makes it so that you can change the content of the address inside the pointer, but you cannot change the address the pointer points at.
e.g.

```cpp
int* const p_a = new int;
*p_a = 21;
```

And to make the variable inside the pointer and the pointer itself constants, you can just put 2 const before and after the type of the pointer.
e.g.

```cpp
int a = new int;
a = 22;
const int* const p_a = &a;
```
### Const in Classes
---
You can put const after the parameter of a method inside of a class.

```cpp
class Entity{
private:
	float m_X, m_Y;
public:
	float getX() const {
		return m_X;
	}
}
```

And this means that this method will not be able to modify any part of the actual Class. This makes sense with a getter method but not for setter methods, since you are effectively changing member variables with them. Or you could make the member variables pointers and it would turn out like this:
e.g.

```cpp
class Entity{
private:
	float* m_X, *m_Y;
	// without the star before m_Y, the only variable that will become a pointer is m_X and not both.
public:
	const float* const getX() const {
		return &m_X;
	}
}
```

This makes it so that the method will not be able to change anything in the class, it will return a pointer that cannot be modified, with the contents of the address in the pointer that cannot be modified.

This enforces some important stuff:
e.g.

```cpp
//...
void PrintE(const Entity& e){
	std::cout << e.getX() << std::endl;
}
```

When using a function like this, you need to use a const reference to optimize your code, since if we don't do something like this, then C++ will create a new object with the same values of the one in the parameters slowing the whole program.

And when calling the `getX()` method, if it is not a const, then it will throw an error, since the method could be modifying anything in the class. And since we are defining `e` as a const, we are effectively promising to not to modify any of the contents of `e`. Since we are passing a reference, we are passing the actual contents of `e`, differently from passing a pointer where we pass a memory address.
### Mutable
---
In other cases, like when debugging, where you need the method to be a const, but you also need to modify something in the class, you can define the variable you need to change as `mutable`. This allows you to make modifications to that variable within the scope of the const method.
e.g.

```cpp
class Entity{
private:
	float* m_X, *m_Y;
	mutable int var;
public:
	const float* const getX() const {
		var = 9;
		return &m_X;
	}
}
```