### Definition
---
In C++ there are different ways to instantiate objects, the difference is basically in where we instantiate the objects, in terms of memory.

In fact a class, when instantiated, needs to be allocated in the memory, even if it is a blank class with nothing inside of it, it will need at least 1 byte of memory to be instantiated.

But there are other parts of the memory other than the heap and the stack, such as where we save the source code of our program, though it is machine code at that point, and we will not talk about it now.

There are differences between the stack and the heap, for example, something that is allocated in the stack has an automatic lifespan, and it is controlled by the scope of the function the variable/object lives in. Moreover the stack is actually faster and more efficient than the heap, since it is automated by the machine. 

The variables and the objects that are allocated in the heap, live until the program itself dies, so you are in charge of "killing" the instance whenever you don't need it, otherwise it will create a memory leak.
### Usage
---
To use the default constructor you just need to declare the object.
e.g.

```cpp
class Entity{
	Entity() {
		//...
	}
	//...
}
//...
int main() {
	Entity ent;
}
```

Contrarily from Java or C#, this will not lead to a `NullPointerException` and it will actually call the default constructor, instantiating the object and allocating it in the stack.

If we want to specify parameters, obviously with the correct constructors defined, we just need to add them between the parenthesis'. Or we can use the similar way to Java and C#. 
e.g.

```cpp
class Entity{
	Entity(const char* str) {
		//...
	}
	//...
}
//...
int main() {
	Entity ent("Unknown");
	Entity ent1 = Entity("Unknown"); // with no new
}
```

This is the way you will use the most when creating an object, it is the fastest, most efficient way to do it and also the most managed way.

One of the reasons why you would use the other way and instantiate it in the heap, is if you actually want the object to live outside the function you declared it in.

Another reason why we might want to use the heap instead of the stack, is because the stack is quite small, usually between 1 or 2 Mega Bytes (this is from 6 years ago, I don't actually know how big it is now) but it does depend on your machine, platform and compiler. 
e.g.

```cpp
class Entity{
	Entity(const char* str) {
		//...
	}
	//...
}
//...
int main() {
	Entity* ent = new Entity("Unknown"); // with no new
}
```

>[!INFO]
>The structs, even though we use new, are still allocated in the stack

The way to free the heap from an object or variable is using the `delete` keyword.
e.g.

```cpp 
class Entity{
	Entity(const char* str) {
		//...
	}
	//...
}
//...
int main() {
	Entity* ent = new Entity("Unknown"); // with no new
	delete ent;
	// delete[] is for arrays
}
```
