### Definition
---
The `new` keyword is not as simple as it seems like in Java or C#, the main purpose is to allocate memory, specifically on the heap, whether it be a primitive or a class type or an array. Based on what you've written it determines how many bytes the variable needs, once the standard library finds an address with as many free bytes of memory as it needs, then it returns a pointer and that's the primary takeaway you should take from this.
e.g.

```cpp
int main() {
	int *number = new int;
	int *arr = new int[32];
}
```

>[!INFO]
>new is nothing but an operator, meaning it can be overloaded.
### Usage
---
When using `new` with a class type, you can also call the constructor within the line of creating the class instance.
e.g.

```cpp
//includes...
class Entity{
	//code...
}
//...
int main() {
	Entity *ent = new Entity();
	//this calls the constructor with no parameters
}
```
### Malloc()
---
Usually new will call the underlying command from C `malloc()`, which is essentially a keyword that returns a void pointer to an address with the size of the variable specified in it.
e.g.

```cpp
//The equivalent of what we wrote above would be:
Entity *ent = (Entity *)malloc(sizeof(Entity));
```

The only difference between those 2 lines of code is the fact that the one with `new` will also call the constructor of the class.

>[!WARNING]
>Remember, when you use either of the keywords, you need to use the `delete` command to free the memory from the variable when you don't need it anymore. (which is also an operator that calls the C function `free()`).

And just like with `new` in and `malloc`, `delete`, differently from `free(ent)`, also calls the destructor from the class.

>[!INFO]
>The `new` operator for arrays is slightly different from the normal `new` operator, so whenever you need to free the memory from an array you need to use `delete[] arr;`.
### Placement new
---
Another function that `new` supports is `Placement new`, which is a command where you are the one who decides where the memory comes from, but if you use this you are effectively calling the constructor and initializing it in a specific block of memory, which is not allocating memory btw.
e.g.

```cpp
int main(){
	int *arr = new int[50] //200 bytes
	Entity ent = new(arr) Entity();
}
``` 