### Linkers and how they work
---
Linkers in C++ are what the compiler uses to "link" the various classes and header files that are being used in the project.

In C++ the header file is a file where you declare the prototype of a method of which the body will be defined in the actual C++ class. The header file will then be imported with `#include "file.h"` in both the class where you define the body and the main file where you use the method.

The linker has its own sets of errors that can affect the project, such as when you define multiple times the same method in different files. *(e.g. when you define the body of a method in both the main and the class, this will give you a specific `LNK` error - Linker error)*.
### Classes
---
The `static` keyword for methods in C++ is used to make the method available only in the translation unit(*class - $TheCherno$ calls them that way*) in which the method is defined. This is used only on methods declared and defined in the same class in which there is the Main.

The Classes' methods in C++ Work similarly to the ones in Java but they need to be defined before the Main function, this is because C++ reads the file's items sequentially, so from top to bottom. If you want to define the functions after the Main function, you have to declare the prototype of the function before the Main. The prototype is the signature of the function: $$type\space methodName\space (parameters);$$
The actual way that $TheCherno$ uses is:
- define the prototype in the header file (with `#pragma once`)
- define the body in the class that will be imported by the main
	- include the header file with `#include "headerFile.h"`
- Include the header file in the Main class or where you need to use the method with the same instruction as the one before.