### Types
---
In C++ variables are really similar to the ones in Java. The difference (maybe, since i never used them in Java) is the fact that you can make numeric variables unsigned (+-). This way you can make the variable have way more digits. 
	E.g. An integer in C++ is 32 bits or 4 Bytes (in reality this can change depending on the compiler used) so it normally can only handle numbers between approximately $-2b\space \to\space 2b$, but making it unsigned, it can handle numbers between $0\space \to\space  4b$. (you can make a variable unsigned by putting the keyword `unsigned`) $$unsigned\space type\space varName\space =\space value;$$
- `char` -> 1 Byte
- `boolean` -> 1 Byte
- `int` -> 2/4 Bytes
- `float` -> 4 Byte
- `double` -> 8 Byte
- `long` -> 4/8 Byte
- `long long` -> 8 Byte

The types with 2 options depend on the compiler you use: if the compiler is `32bit` (`x86`) then the variable will have the first value as the number of Bytes, otherwise if the compiler is `64bit` (`x64`) then it will have the second value.

Variables can also be declared as either a pointer or a reference. 
Pointer: $$type*\space varName\space =\space value;$$
Reference: $$type\&\space varName\space =\space value;$$
The difference between a pointer and a reference is the fact that a pointer has its own space of memory in the RAM and it stores the actual address of the variable you want it to point at. On the other hand a reference is practically an alias that directly points at the space of memory of the variable given.(e.g. when you pass the variables to a function as parameters).

***Side-note:*** Do not make a function that returns a local variable's pointer value, because when the function ends, the variable we are pointing at goes undefined since the scope of that variable is no longer valid.

### loops
---
For loops work exactly the same as in other languages, there may be also as for each variation, still not sure.

So are the other statements used in the loops: continue, break, return.