### Definition
---
References are practically the same thing, the thing that changes is the syntax and how we use them. *(they're practically pointers in disguise)*

It's a way to, as their name says, reference a variable we created.
### Differences
---
Unlike a pointer, you cannot create a new reference and assign a NULL value to them because references need to reference a value already existing in the program. They don't occupy memory or storage.

In contrast to pointers, in the statement `type& variableName;`, the type of the variable does make difference, since the & operator is part of the type, because, unlike pointers, references need to know the type of the variable you're assigning to it.
e.g.

```cpp
int a = 5;
int& ref_a = a;

// with pointers

int *p_a = &a;
```

They're not truly variables, they're aliases, in fact, when compiling the code: you're not gonna have 2 variables (a and ref_a) but you're gonna have only a.

Now that we made a reference to the variable a, we can use ref_a like it is a, since we said that a reference is not a variable but an alias
e.g. 

```cpp
ref_a = 32;
// in the binaries, you will see that a has changed to 32
// it is the same as writing a = 32;
```
### Functions and References
---
If we write a function, like increment a value by 1 like this:

```cpp
...
void Increment(int a){
	a++;
}
...
int main(){
	int a = 5;
	Increment(a);
}
```

It would create another variable in our program and give it the value of the parameter: 

```cpp
void Increment(int a){
	int a = 5; 
	a++;
}
```

In doing so the variable you're incrementing is not a (in the main), but the a in the function, in fact, if we print a in the main the output will still be 5. To fix that you have to pass a reference as a the argument of the parameters:

```cpp
...
void Increment(int& a){
	a++;
}
...
int main(){
	int a = 5;
	Increment(a);
	printf("output: %d", a); // %i is also good
	// this will output 
}

// the difference of %d and %i is apparent in the scanf function: 

// %d accepts decimal integers
// %i accepts decimal integers, hex numebers if they start with 0x, and octal numbers if they start with 0.
```

You can do the same thing using a pointer as a parameter.

```cpp 
...
void Increment(int* a){
	(*a)++;
}
...
int main(){
	int a = 5;
	Increment(&a);
	printf("output: %d", a); 
}
```

You need to put the parenthesis on the variable because, in the order of operation of the language, it will increment first (incrementing the actual address) instead of de-referencing first (going to the value stored inside the address).

> [!warning]
> Differently from pointers, once you define a reference you cannot change what that reference points to. Because trying to change the reference like this **ref_a = b; will only put the value of b into a.** To do that use pointers.
