### Definition
---
There is practically no difference between a Class and a Struct in C++, there is one small difference with visibility.

In Classes the default for variables is to set the access modifier to `private` making the variable only accessible in the Class in which it is declared.

Whilst in Structs the variables are set with an access modifier of `public`, as default.

```cpp
struct Player{ 
	int x, y;
	int speed;
};
...
int main(){
	Player player;
	player.speed = 3;
}
```
### Usage
---
The real difference, between Classes and Structs, stands in the usage of them. Structs were made especially for the backwards compatibility from C++ to C *(since C doesn't have Classes, but has Structs).*

You use Structs whenever you want attributes to be set to `public` as default. *(Might not seem trivial, but it really is)*

Usually Structs are used whenever you need to define just variables, POD - $plain\space ol'\space data$. 
e.g.

```cpp
struct Vec2 //vector{
	float x, y;
};
```

This is done, solely for the sake of making the code easier to read, maybe add some methods to modify those variables inside the Struct, but we are still talking about making operations on those attributes.

There is virtually no difference in the declaration step, but there is in how you use them.

$Cherno$ also will never use inheritance with Structs, since inheritance is just adding another layer of complexity in the code, and it would be wiser to use Classes instead. And some compilers will give you an warning if you try to apply inheritance to a Struct from a Class.