### Definition
---
This keyword has a different meaning in C++, rather than Java, and changes meaning on the context in which it is used: when used inside or outside of a Class/Struct.

**Outside**: means that the linkage of that symbol you declared as static will be visible only in that translation unit. *$TLDR$: whatever you put after static will only be visible in that `cpp` file.*

**Inside**: means that that variable you declared as `static` will share memory across all instances of that Class, similarly to what happens to the methods of that Class. *(The same as Java)*
### Usage - Outside Class/Struct
---
Usually it is a better practice to name the variables that are going to be static with an `s_` for readability. And it is better used to create global variables with the scope defined only in that translation unit, so that if we create other variables in other files, the linker won't have problems.
e.g.

```cpp 
// file 1
int s_var = 1;

// Main.cpp
...
int s_var = 4;
...
int main(){
	// code ...
}

// this will cause a LNK error since s_var is already
// defined in the other file

// solution: 

//file 1
static int s_var = 1;
```

Another way to avoid this error, without using the static keyword, is using the `extern` keyword. It makes the linker look for that variable in other translation units.

```cpp
// file 1
int s_var = 3;

// Main.cpp
...
extern int s_var;
// this is external linkage or external linking
// since this makes the variable reference the one in the
// other file
...
int main(){
	// code ...
}
```

This is not exclusive to variables only, but also applies to functions.

Usually it is a better practice to name the variables that are going to be static with an `s_` for readability.
### Usage - Inside Class/Struct
---
In the context of a Class or a Struct, Static is practically the same as the one in Java: if it is before a variable, it makes the variable share memory (makes the variable the same) across all instances of the Class.

So whenever one instance of the Class changes that variable, it will change for all instances of the Class in the program. Making it effectively a global variable for that Class.

For methods instead it we get a similar effect, where you don't need an instance of a class to call that method. You cannot write code which refers to a class instance, since you don't have that class instance to refer to. *(since you call it through the class name)*

```cpp
	struct Entity{
		static int x, y;
		
		void Print(){
			std::cout << "x: " << x << ", y: " << y << std::endl;
		}
	};
	int Entity::x;
	int Entity::y;
	...
	int main(){
		Entity e;
		e.x = 2;
		e.y = 3;
		
		Entity e1 = { 5, 8 }; 
		// other way to assign values to attributes.
		
		e.Print();
		e1.Print();
	}
```

In order to make variables of the Class static you will need to define them somewhere in cpp file by doing: `ClassName::Variable;`, we don't need to necessarily assign values to them, since they are public and we can assign them later in the Main.

*This is so that we can let the linker link them to the appropriate variable.*

In doing so the x and y variables will be printed as 5 and 8 in both Prints, since they are static variables and they are sharing the same block of memory across all instances of that Class. And there is no real point to refer to them as that in the Main, the better way is to refer to them like this:

```cpp
	...
	int main(){
		Entity::x = 5;
		Entity::y = 8;
	}
```

It is like we made 2 variables inside a `namespace` called Entity. They don't really belong to that class, but they kind of are because you can set them to public or private, etc...

Then the same applies to the method: 

```cpp
	struct Entity{
		static int x, y;
		
		static void Print(){
			std::cout << "x: " << x << ", y: " << y << std::endl;
		}
	};
	int Entity::x;
	int Entity::y;
	...
	int main(){
		Entity::x = 2;
		Entity::y = 3;
		
		Entity::x = 5;
		Entity::y = 8;
		
		Entity::Print();
	}
```

And just like in Java, Static methods cannot access non-static member variables. That's because a static method does not have a Class instance.
