### Creating an IT company
---
**1.WHY MUST YOUR PRESENTATION BE SIMPLE?**
	The presentation must be simple in order to maintain attention throughout the meeting, avoid boring the people in the meeting, and also it makes it easier to explain to others your presentation.

**2.WHAT ARE A FEW WAYS TO HELP YOUR AUDIENCE TO REMEMBER YOUR PRESENTATION?**
	Involve the audience, asking questions to them for example, use images and charts since they are easier to remember than word, display interest in what you are presenting and don't be monotone.
	Article: 
	it can be helpful to craft a strong, engaging beginning relevant to your presentation and supports the main message you want your audience to remember at the end.
	- Present an interesting question, problem or anecdote.
	- Quote an influential person.
	- Share a story that leads to the main topic of your presentation.
	- Show an interesting statistic, chart or image.
	- Play a brief video that sets up your presentation.
	- Make a statement that generates curiosity or shocks the audience.
	- follow the “10-20-30” rule: use 10 or fewer slides, keep your presentation under 20 minutes and use at least 30-point font


**3.WHERE CAN YOU FIND GOOD EXAMPLES FOR YOUR PRESENTATION?**
	I'd say that you can find them mostly on $Youtube$, but also all around the internet. There are so many sources where you can find good presentations and they are also quite easy to differentiate from bad presentations: if the presentation bores you, it is not a good one, or even easier than that, you often have comments and articles about the presentation you are watching if it is on the internet
	Article: 
	also seek people in your company or that are close to you that you feel are good presenters and speakers, and ask them for guidance.

**4.WHAT VISUALS SHOULD YOU USE?**
	You should use videos, charts, and images to support what you are presenting.
	Article:
	infographics, charts, photographs, videos, drawings or renderings

**5.HOW CAN YOU USE YOUR VOICE?**
	Be sure to use a nice and firm tone of voice, so that you seem more enthusiastic, do not use a tone of voice where the audience is struggling to hear you 

**6.HOW CAN YOU PREPARE AND THEN PRACTICE?**
	To practice and prepare for a presentation, ask people around you for some of their free time to listen to you reciting your presentation and ask for some feedback.
	 
**7.WHY IS IMPORTANT TO SHOW ENTHUSIASM?**
	It is important because it makes you look more interesting and also keeps the audience engaged.

**8.LIST SOME NON-VERBAL COMMUNICATION TYPES**
	Avoid obstructing the slides of your presentation and don't make sudden moves, they are distracting, make slow and calm movements, use gestures and look at your audience. 

**9.HOW DO YOU SUPPORT YOUR AUDIENCE?**
		Ask them questions, make them participate in the presentation.

**10.WHY SHOULD YOU ENJOY GIVING A PRESENTATION?**
	Because deciding to present something is already a big step and an accomplishment, enjoying it will make it also better 
### Key points
----
1. **Clear**
2. **Confidence**
3. **Engaging**
4. **Enthusiasm**
5. **Body language**
6. **Visual tools**
7. **Voice**