Notes:

``Mazzi``: introduction of everybody in the group.
`Silverstri`: we started with the introduction of out project and how the application works and who our target audience is.
`Giacomantonio`: the talk about the security, technical talk and the impact and the results of our application on our community. Then talked about the the investment on our project and how it will benefit us.

Question about eco sustainability -> not making any necessary movement, meaning less gas consumed and so less pollution

How long have you been managing this app and how long has the app been open to the public -> We have been in the market since 2024 but the idea started way before.

**Ermes holding**

shipping company -> introduction 

introduction of the team

Pierluigi CEO -> goal : announce and create a strategy to deliveer goods with better transports with logistics, data driven strategies, ...

born in 2003 as a cargo company -> 2008 went to fleet -> 2016 trains -> 2018 and planes

Flavio -> Mission strategy and vision, the offices in 4 continents, vision : fastest Deliveries, customer must receive best service, wide network, taking in consideration to become zero emission.

How : data and partnership, developed an ai to find the best truths to see the actual carbon emission, and then cooperate with companies to use electric vehicles.

Strategy to reach new customers: partecipate in events, direct marketing and the website

`pierluigi`: don't have a postal or private service, most important partnership and customers are big companies. So the tool you provide is better and needed.

results charts

expansion in the Asian market.

The tool is Ermete -> dashboard that uses front and back end with data like traffic speed length of journey and traffic jams.

questions
`Lanza`: how do you thing you can communicate with our algorithm: the algorithm you provide can improve ours because it is not the most efficient through traffic jam.

goal -> find partnership with energy production companies, implement electricity, starting to deliver electric trains where there is availability, change the trucks into electric ones.

Business group: 
after consideration Ermes Holding bought 30% of the company comprehending the algorithm  in use in our application

